Fix/non latin author parsed as name prefix (#15823)
JabRef/jabref: CHANGELOG.md

- We fixed the Hayagriva YAML exporter to correctly nest DOI, ISBN, and ISSN under `serial-number` as required by the Hayagriva file format specification. [#15713](https://github.com/JabRef/jabref/issues/15713)
- We fixed an issue where newly added entries could not be found in search. [#15719](https://github.com/JabRef/jabref/issues/15719)
- We fixed an issue where the duplicate finder progress counter displayed incorrect values, not reflecting the actual number of duplicate pairs reviewed by the user. [#11848](https://github.com/JabRef/jabref/issues/11848)

> - we fixed non Latin caseless author names being parsed as namePrefix instead of familyName. [#15813](https://github.com/JabRef/jabref/issues/15813)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- We fixed an issue where non Latin caseless author names were parsed as namePrefix instead of familyName. [#15813](https://github.com/JabRef/jabref/issues/15813)
```

Author: yes i will update it .

Reviewer: > yes i will update it .

You do not need to update it by yourself, you can just click "Commit suggestion"

Author: yes, got it.
